and bezalel and oholiab and every gifted
artisan in whom the Lord has put wisdom
and understanding to know how to do all
manner of work for the service of the
sanctuary shall do according to all that
the Lord has commanded when moses called
bezalel and oholiab
and every gifted artisan in whose heart
the lord had put wisdom everyone whose
heart was stirred to come and do the
work and they received from moses all
the offering which the children of
israel had brought for the work of the
service of making the sanctuary so they
continued bringing to him freewill
offerings every morning and all the
craftsmen who were doing all the work of
the sanctuary came each from the work he
was doing and they spoke to Moses the
people bring much more than enough for
the service of the work which the lord
commanded us to do so Moses gave a
commandment and they caused it to be
proclaimed throughout the camp
let neither man nor woman do any more
work for the offering of the sanctuary
and the people were restrained from
bringing for the material they had was
sufficient for all the work to be done
indeed
too much then all the gifted artisans
among them who worked on the tabernacle
made ten curtains woven of fine linen
and of blue purple and scarlet thread
with artistic designs of cherubim they
made them the length of each curtain was
28 cubits and the width of each curtain
four cubits the curtains were all the
same size and he coupled five curtains
to one another and the other five
curtains he coupled to one another
he made loops of blue yarn on the edge
of the curtain on the selvage of one set
likewise he did on the outer edge of the
other curtain of the second set fifty
loops he made on one curtain and fifty
loops he made on the edge of the curtain
on the end of the second set the loops
held one curtain to another and he made
fifty clasps of a gold and coupled the
curtains to one another with the clasps
that it might be one tabernacle he made
curtains of goat's hair for the tent
over the tabernacle he made eleven
curtains the length of each curtain was
thirty cubits and the width of each
curtain four cubits the eleven curtains
were the same size he coupled five
curtains by themselves and six curtains
by themselves and he made fifty loops on
the edge of the curtain that is
outermost in one set and
50 loops he made on the edge of the
curtain of the second set he also made
fifty bronze clasps to couple the tent
together that it might be one then he
made a covering for the tent of RAM
skins dyed red and a covering of badger
skins above that for the tabernacle he
made balls of acacia wood standing
upright the length of each board was ten
cubits and the width of each board a
cubit and a half each board had two
Tenon's for binding one to another thus
he made for all the boards of the
tabernacle and he made boards for the
Tabernacles twenty boards for the
Southside forty sockets of silver he
made to go under the twenty balls two
sockets unto each of the balls for its
two Tenon's and for the other side of
the tabernacle the north side
he made twenty boards and their forty
sockets of silver two sockets under each
of the boards for the west side of the
tabernacle he made six boards he also
made two boards for the two back corners
of the tabernacle and they were coupled
at the bottom and coupled together at
the top by one ring
thus he made both of them for the two
corners so there were eight boards and
their sockets sixteen sockets of silver
two sockets under each of the boards and
he made bars of acacia wood five for the
boards on the one side of the tabernacle
five bars for the boards on the other
side of the tabernacle and five bars for
the boards of the tabernacle on the far
side Westwood and he made the middle bar
to pass through the boards from one end
to the other he overlaid the boards with
gold made their rings of gold to be
holders for the bars and overlaid the
bars with gold and he made a veil of
blue purple and scarlet thread and fine
woven linen it was worked with an
artistic design of cherubim
he made for it four pillars of acacia
wood and overlaid them with gold with
their hooks of gold and he cast four
sockets of silver for them he also made
a screen for the tabernacle door of blue
purple and scarlet thread and fine woven
linen made by a weaver and it's five
pillars with their hooks and he overlaid
their capitals and their rings with gold
but their five sockets were bronze
[Music]